"Asia Café"
Hey, Uzaki! I'm off today--just
came by to see how it's going.
Working hard or hardly working?
She's been like that since yesterday.
What did you do, Sakurai?
Honestly, it's like this
every dang time with you.
What?! Now wait just a second!
I'm totally in the dark here!
Yeah, but still... y'know?
Still... right?
Somewhere along the way
I've lost all credibility at work.
Um... hello there.
"Uzaki-chan Wants to Hang Out!"
"Episode 5: The Whole Uzaki Clan
Wants to Get Together!"
Hana hasn't been herself since yesterday.
I thought maybe she was
causing problems for you folks.
Oh, no--don't worry about that.
She's been her usual cheery self.
Except toward Sakurai.
That's not good...
But Sakurai's definitely
behind this either way.
I've been racking
my brain over here, but...
I'm sorry. I've got nothing.
Still, a change like that is a big deal.
Wait...
Haven't we seen...
...something like this before?
I think it started yesterday evening.
"Breadcrumbs"
Sakurai, Hana, and I were having
a cooking lesson at our house.
It was like any other lesson at first...
But about when the dish was
finished--that's when her mood soured.
When I asked her why,
she only said, "No reason."
I really am sorry. That attitude
doesn't belong at the workplace.
Don't mention it.
That's right--it's not your fault.
I see. So you don't
know either, Ms. Tsuki.
No...
That's it!
That right there is definitely it!
Oho!
What is?
Tell us, Ami!
That's totally it!
"Closed"
Aha! Because Uzaki's the
only one I don't call by name?
Oh--but that's because...
I've always been resistant
to calling girls by their first name.
I know! So how come you're
okay doing that with my mom?!
If you're going in order,
I'm next in line!
Well, uh...
I-I can't bear this...
Still, to use her mother's
name so readily...
At a time when
Hana's still so indecisive...
It's obvious which one's
getting special treatment.
Can't... laugh...
I do feel a little bad for her, though.
Sakurai calls me by my first name, too.
All right--it's Hana's turn
to get a helping hand!
So you just have to get over your block
about calling Hana by her first name.
Wh-What now?
You need to get used to it, then!
Starting now,
no using any of our last names!
Huh?!
Just for today--and just here.
You can handle that much, right?
Don't give me that face!
I don't even know the owner's first name.
Call me Akihiko!
"Akihiko Asai, 51"
What's with the cute spin
you put on that, Akihiko?
Never mind that, Shinichi...
There's someone else here who needs
the first-name treatment more than I do.
You can do it, Shinichi!
Go get 'em, Shinichi!
We'll be over there.
You just take your time, Shinny.
They're enjoying this, all right.
Oh, but first of all...
I need to apologize.
I did the same damn thing all
over again and made you unhappy.
Boy, do I suck.
I'm really sorry!
Senpai...
You're trying to get by
without saying my name.
Nope: fail. Try again.
I'm sorry... Hana.
Say my name a few more times,
and I'll forgive you.
Sorry, Hana.
--Again.
--I screwed up, Hana.
Once more.
I apologize, Miss Hana.
Ooh, I like that!
That was much more
heartfelt than your first one.
Okay. I forgive you.
But...
Please do get used to it--even
a little at a time.
Okay, Shinichi?
Oh--since you're older than me,
maybe it should be "Mr. Shinichi."
What's wrong, Senpai?
Wait--are you blushing?
I-I am not!
Your face is beet-red, Shinichi!
You're seeing things!
You do have your cute moments, Shinichi!
Can it! And don't look at my face!
Mr. Shinichi!
Stop that!
There we go.
Looks like they've made up.
Those two... I'd heard
they'd been friends for ages--
yet all this fuss about names...
They're doing things all out of order.
How is she still taking
things the wrong way?
You and I need to have a
nice long chat, ma'am. For real.
Hey, which is better?
Shinichi or Mr. Shinichi?
--C'mon, Mr. Shinichi!
--Shut up!
I sense there's been a development!
Man, I'm beat.
Definitely what
I'd call mental exhaustion.
Shinichi!
Shinichi! Shinichi!
She's been teasing me
with my own name ever since.
I suppose all of this was my fault...
"One-Day Free Trial Coupon"
"Regularly ¥2,000"
A gym?
It's been a while since
I've worked up a sweat.
Being able to casually do this
on my own suits my personality.
It's perfect for blowing off steam, too.
All right. Next up...
Hmm? You there, with the piercing eyes.
Heading for the bench press?
Hang on--you need a spotter.
Oh, someone's here for a trial visit!
Hey, Fuji.
I work here.
Here, why don't I spot you?
Barbell work is prone to accidents,
so a spotter's a must.
A gym trope:
Busybody trainers flock to the young.
Eight... nine...
Ten!
Jumping in with three sets
of ten 100-kilo reps--impressive.
Okay! Stay strong till the end!
One more to go!
Got it!
E... leven!
Attaboy! Keep going! Last one!
Yesss! You did it! What effort!
All right--now get that last rep in!
C'mon! One more to finish!
Great! Now for the last one, for real! Go!
How many last reps are there?!
There's no way!
No! It'd be a waste to compromise here!
One more rep! Last one! You can do it!
Jeez, Fuji, lay off already!
Just spot the kid!
That's why I don't want
to ask him to be my spotter.
Go!
Sorry about that!
You were working so hard,
I got all fired up, too.
And that's why we keep
losing younger members.
Shh!
Still, I haven't been pushed
to my limits in a long time.
Oho!
Having a spotter really
does boost your efficiency.
Wow, someone who can keep up
with Fuji's enthusiasm. You're a beast!
For some reason, we don't have
many former athletic-club folks here.
Sakurai! Do you have any goals
you'd want to achieve if you joined?
Just as an example, uh...
I can be your trainer!
I can spot you--and come up
with more high-efficiency workouts!
Calm down, Fuji.
He's going hard on the sale pitch.
I like to work out,
but I don't have any specific goals.
Our doctors told us
we needed to exercise more.
Plus my daughter doesn't
like me--said I was lame.
My son's been mouthing off lately, too.
What do you say? A bulk-up
regimen for your fatherly dignity!
Nothing cooler than a battling dad!
I'm good.
I get the feeling your
workouts'd be excessive.
So mean!
Still, Sakurai, how about joining up?
The more folks you know,
the easier the workout.
That's true.
Invite your friends, too, if you like.
We'll all have fun together.
That might be nice.
Yesss!
Please do!
Not that Uzaki'd come if I did invite her.
What? Why would you pay
good money to get exhausted?
I can hear her already.
It's a good place for some alone time.
Sakurai! Do you have any goals?
Goals, huh? I really don't have any.
I'll just train everything.
Speaking of training...
I have to keep trying new things.
"Senpai (Introvert)"
"Thinking about another cooking
lesson next week... (Tap for more)"
Oh--Senpai.
I'm home!
Hi, Dad.
Welcome home, Fujio.
Dinner will be ready soon.
Great! I'm starving.
"Fujio Uzaki, 46"
It's you.
Hey, Hana, a kid about
your age joined the gym today.
Huh! Good for you.
You don't have a lot of
younger people there, do you?
We sure don't--and it's just
not lively enough without them.
I hope this kid brings
his friends with him...
You wanna join?
And be surrounded by nothing
but old guys? No, thanks.
I hate being alone.
Don't be like that...
Actually, what would that shabby bunch
do if a cute girl like you approached?
Forget I said anything!
Okie-doke.
Oh, Mom? Senpai's talking
about another cooking lesson.
Goodness! When?
Is the usual Thursday still good?
Maybe you could do
simmered fish this time.
That's fine. I'll get ready for it.
Thanks! I'll let Senpai know.
Is Hana's senpai the one who
made all that udon a while back?
That's right. Lives alone
and wants to be a better cook.
Such a hard-working beginner, too.
Nice! Sheer determination--I like that!
She'll make a great wife one day.
Senpai's a guy.
And "Send."
Huh! Is that so?!
I'd sure like to meet him...
I know: I'll take that day off.
You can't, Fujio! You need to do your job!
I'm home!
Brrr! It really got cold fast.
"Yanagi Uzaki, 14 -
Middle School, 2nd Year"
What's for dinner tonight, Mom?
Sit down, Yanagi.
Is this... the usual?
Yep: the usual.
I should have kept my big mouth shut...
I hereby call the
Uzaki family meeting to order.
On our agenda:
Hana... has a boyfriend.
Seriously? That's hilarious!
Really? Good for you, Hana!
Huh!
It is not good!
This time has finally
come for my daughter...
Probably some no-good bum,
given that it's college.
He better be a fine upstanding man,
or I won't allow it!
Another never-ending meeting, with
Dad the only one getting all agitated.
Mom, can you hurry dinner up?
Hana's an adult.
Let her do what she wants.
That side of you is pretty out there, Dad.
Nag too much and your kids
will end up hating you.
Why are you all so cold toward me?!
Kiri and Hana used to speak in
my Kansai dialect, too--not just Yanagi...
I got teased in grade school for talking
like a delinquent. Never again!
It's just imprinting on you.
Aw, Kansai dialect is cute!
Hate it all you like, but you can't
escape your Kansai soul!
Read these without the jingle!
"Kansai Electrical
Safety Inspection Association"
"Nishizawa Gakuen, Home of Onyx"
♪ Kan-sai Elec-trical Safe-- ♪
Oh, wow! That is super
hard not to sing! Spooky.
See? That's the fruit of your upbringing!
Those not living in Kansai,
don't worry about it.
Good: We've gotten off track.
All because Dad's so energetic...
Dodged that bullet.
Hey, what kind of guy
is this boyfriend of yours?
Is he cool? Do you have a picture?
Show me!
C'mon, Hana! Please?
N-No, I don't have any pictures.
This is a lie.
It figures Yanagi would be all over this.
And I thought we were
good and distracted...
So there's a guy out there
who goes for a petite girl like Hana.
I'm worried about him for
different reasons, y'know?
What?!
You don't get to go
around calling me small.
Save the high-and-mighty act
till you're past 160 centimeters.
No wonder girls don't like you.
Huh?! I am past that! I'm not little!
Just a tad below average, that's all!
Now, now, you two...
I hope you'll always
be shorter than me, Kiri.
What? I'm totally gonna blow past you!
I'm only gonna get taller and taller!
How tall is your boyfriend, Hana?
Um...
I think he said he
was 180 centimeters tall.
He's huge!
What a size difference!
H-Height isn't everything! Right, Dad?
That's right, Kiri!
The short men are in cahoots...
W-Well, uh, anyway...
As I was saying:
Is he really a decent man?
There are a few things I want to know.
Does he have a kind disposition?
Does he have good manners?
Is his personal life in order?
How many kilos can he bench-press?
He sneaked in his own ask.
In any case, you can forget
about dating some half-baked--
S-Senpai is... He's respectable.
Hana?
He's super serious... maybe too serious.
He looks over my assignments,
he doesn't smoke,
he hardly drinks, and he likes
weight training and video games.
Ooh! Here we go with the info dump!
He even keeps his place clean!
You've... been?
Um... Hana?
No! Not like that! Nothing's going on!
I just go there to hang out
all normal-like, that's all!
We both like video games--
we play those together!
He sucks at cooking,
so I do that for him sometimes, too!
And that's it--really!
I never realized your
relationship was that chaste.
I just assumed...
...things had escalated
to a whole other level.
We're not doing anything!
Oh, and, uh... I forgot
to correct you earlier, but...
Senpai, um...
He's not my boyfriend.
What?!
But you still went to his place?!
And played games with
him--and cooked for him?
And you're not dating?!
Hana...
What are you doing?!
Then you must like this guy, Hana!
I-It's not like that!
He's been a gloomy
loner ever since high school.
He was always all alone at college, too!
Look, he's so pitiful, I'm doing him
a favor by paying him attention!
You love him!
Wrong! I don't like him--he likes me!
I mean, jeez, either way!
No! There's a big distinction!
It's all the same!
It's not the same thing at all!
Do you know Hana's boyfriend, Mom?
Yes--I give him cooking lessons here
sometimes. He's a really good kid.
Still a little scary, though.
Huh. Cooking lessons, eh?
Remember those croquettes
we ate the other day?
Oh, those! Hana's senpai made those?
They were way delish!
What is it, Kiri?
So that udon that Hana's senpai
brought... don't tell me...
He made it.
No way! A man?!
I thought a college girl
kneaded that dough--
I was on cloud nine eating that stuff!
Are you kidding me?!
Kiri's at that age now where
he'll say these disappointing things...
If only Kiri got his act together--girls
might actually like him.
Forget this! I'm taking a bath!
H-Hey, Hana...
Wow, is she mad.
Well, yeah. You took it too far.
Guess that's all for today.
But that man...
Is my darling daughter
not good enough for him?
He hasn't put the moves on my ultra-cute
Hana after all she's done for him?
That's actually amazing! And infuriating!
And kind of admirable!
Which is it?
Give it back!
--I want my innocence back!
--So Sakurai wasn't her boyfriend...
He hasn't even made a
move on her. But if that's true...
One day... I'd like to hold her.
Then what was that all about?
Don't tell me he's always been after...
...me--and me alone!
In the end, the family meeting
brought its members only confusion.
Meanwhile, the man on
the agenda of said family meeting...
97... 98...
...99... 100... There!
Yep, always nice to break a sweat.
Really clears out the old cobwebs.
Just one more set.
...had become a fitness freak.
Dad just doesn't get it.
Not in the slightest.
Senpai likes me!
I'm not the one who...
You love him!
I do not either!
Now it's starting to get interesting.
"Next Time"
"Episode 6:
Uzaki-chan Wants to Celebrate!"